cloud data import: update data import docs as per new UI (#10265)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/import-parquet-files.md

To allow TiDB Cloud to access the Parquet files in the Amazon S3 or GCS bucket, do one of the following:

- If your Parquet files are located in Amazon S3, [configure Amazon S3 access](/tidb-cloud/config-s3-and-gcs-access.md#configure-amazon-s3-access).

    Once finished, make a note of the Role ARN value as you will need it in [Step 4](#step-4-import-parquet-files-to-tidb-cloud).

- If your Parquet files are located in GCS, [configure GCS access](/tidb-cloud/config-s3-and-gcs-access.md#configure-gcs-access).

## Step 4. Import Parquet files to TiDB Cloud

To import the Parquet files to TiDB Cloud, take the following steps:

> 1. Log in to the [TiDB Cloud](https://tidbcloud.com/signin) console, and navigate to the **Clusters** page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Log in to the [TiDB Cloud console](https://tidbcloud.com/), and navigate to the **Clusters** page.
```

2. Locate your target cluster, click **...** in the upper-right corner of the cluster area, and select **Import Data**. The **Data Import** page is displayed.

3. On the **Data Import** page, provide the following information.

    - **Data Format**: select **Parquet**.
    - **Location**: select the location where your Parquet files are located.
    - **Bucket URL**: select the bucket URL where your Parquet files are located.
    - **Role-ARN**: (This field is visible only for AWS S3): enter the Role ARN value for **Role-ARN**.

>     - **Target Cluster**: fill in the **Username** and **Password** fields.

Author: ```suggestion
    - **Target Cluster**: shows the cluster name and the region name.
```

>     Confirm the compliance of cross region. Click **Next**.

Author: ```suggestion
    Confirm the compliance of cross region. Click **Next**.
    
    TiDB Cloud starts validating whether it can access your data in the specified bucket URL. After the validation is completed and successful, the import task starts automatically. If you get the `AccessDenied` error, see [Troubleshoot Access Denied Errors during Data Import from S3](/tidb-cloud/troubleshoot-import-access-denied-error.md).
```

>     TiDB Cloud starts validating whether it can access your data in the specified bucket URL. If you get the `AccessDenied` error, see [Troubleshoot Access Denied Errors during Data Import from S3](/tidb-cloud/troubleshoot-import-access-denied-error.md).

Author: ```suggestion
    TiDB Cloud starts validating whether it can access your data in the specified bucket URL. After validation, TiDB Cloud tries to scan all the files in the data source using the default file naming pattern, and returns a scan summary result on the left side of the next page. If you get the `AccessDenied` error, see [Troubleshoot Access Denied Errors during Data Import from S3](/tidb-cloud/troubleshoot-import-access-denied-error.md).
```

    - **File Pattern**: modify the file pattern if you want to import Parquet files whose filenames match a certain pattern to a single target table.

        > **Note:**
        >
        > When you use this feature, one import task can only import data to a single table at a time. If you want to use this feature to import data into different tables, you need to import several times, each time specifying a different target table.

        When you use this feature, you need to specify a custom mapping rule between Parquet files and a single target table in the following fields:

>         - **File Name**: enter a pattern that matches the names of the Parquet files to be imported. If you have one Parquet file only, you can enter the filename here directly.

Author: ```suggestion
        - **Source file name**: enter a pattern that matches the names of the Parquet files to be imported. If you have one Parquet file only, you can enter the filename here directly.
```

Reviewer 2: the parquet file name should be ended with the suffix of ".parquet"

Author: OK added a note to remind users.

>         When you use this feature, you need to specify a custom mapping rule between Parquet files and a single target table in the following fields:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        To modify the file pattern, click **Modify**, specify a custom mapping rule between Parquet files and a single target table in the following fields, and then click **Scan**. After that, the data source files will be re-scanned using the provided custom mapping rule.
```

>         - **Source file name**: enter a pattern that matches the names of the Parquet files to be imported. If you have one Parquet file only, you can enter the filename here directly. Note that the names of the Parquet files must include the suffix ".parquet ".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - **Source file name**: enter a pattern that matches the names of the Parquet files to be imported. If you have one Parquet file only, you can enter the filename here directly. Note that the names of the Parquet files must include the suffix `.parquet`.
```

            For example:

            - `my-data?.parquet`: all Parquet files starting with `my-data` and one character (such as `my-data1.parquet` and `my-data2.parquet`) will be imported into the same target table.
            - `my-data*.parquet`: all Parquet files starting with `my-data` will be imported into the same target table.

        - **Target table name**: enter the name of the target table in TiDB Cloud, which must be in the `${db_name}.${table_name}` format. For example, `mydb.mytable`. Note that this field only accepts one specific table name, so wildcards are not supported.

>     - **Tables Filter**: if you want to filter which tables to be imported, you can specify table filter rules in this field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **Tables Filter**: if you want to filter which tables to be imported, you can specify table filter rules in this area.
```

>     - **Tables Filter**: if you want to filter which tables to be imported, you can specify one or more table filters in this field, separated by `,`.

Author: ```suggestion
    - **Tables Filter**: if you want to filter which tables to be imported, you can specify table filter rules in this field.
```

>         For example:

Author: ```suggestion
```

        - `db01.*`: all tables in the `db01` database will be imported.

>         - `db01.table01*,db01.table02*`: all tables starting with `table01` and `table02` in the `db01` database will be imported.

Reviewer: ditto

>         - `db01.table01*,db01.table02*`: all tables starting with `table01` and `table02` in the `db01` database will be imported.

Author: ```suggestion
```

        For more information, see [table filter snytax](/table-filter.md#syntax).

5. Click **Next**.

6. On the **Preview** page, confirm the import data and then click **Start Import**.

>     TiDB Cloud starts validating whether it can access your data in the specified bucket URL. After the validation is completed and successful, the import task starts automatically. If you get the `AccessDenied` error, see [Troubleshoot Access Denied Errors during Data Import from S3](/tidb-cloud/troubleshoot-import-access-denied-error.md).

Author: ```suggestion
```

>         - `db01.*`: all tables in the `db01` database will be imported.
>         - `db01.table01*,db01.table02*`: all tables starting with `table01` and `table02` in the `db01` database will be imported.
>         - `!db02.*`: except the tables in the `db02` database, all other tables will be imported. `!` is used to exclude tables that do not need to be imported.
>         - `*.*` : all tables will be imported.
> 
>         For more information, see [table filter snytax](/table-filter.md#syntax).

Author: ```suggestion
```

> 7. When the import progress shows **Completed**, check the number after **Total Files:**.

Reviewer 2: There is no **Total Files:**. , but only tables on the summary board

> 7. When the import progress shows **Completed**, check the number after **Total Files:**.

Author: ```suggestion
7. When the import progress shows **Completed**, check the number of the tables.
```

>         For more information, see [table filter snytax](/table-filter.md#syntax).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        For more information, see [table filter syntax](/table-filter.md#syntax).
```

> 6. On the **Preview** page, confirm the import data and then click **Start Import**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. On the **Preview** page, confirm the data to be imported and then click **Start Import**.
```

>     If the number is zero, it means no data files matched the value you entered in the **File name** field. In this case, check whether there are any typos in the **File name** field and try again.

Author: ```suggestion
    If the number is zero, it means no data files matched the value you entered in the **Source file name** field. In this case, check whether there are any typos in the **Source file name** field and try again.
```

>     If the number is zero, it means no data files matched the value you entered in the **File name** field. In this case, check whether there are any typos in the **File name** field and try again.

Reviewer 2: "If the number is zero" should be "If the size is zero which is displayed on the  Summary board"

To allow TiDB Cloud to access the Parquet files in the Amazon S3 or GCS bucket, do one of the following:

- If your Parquet files are located in Amazon S3, [configure Amazon S3 access](/tidb-cloud/config-s3-and-gcs-access.md#configure-amazon-s3-access).

    Once finished, make a note of the Role ARN value as you will need it in [Step 4](#step-4-import-parquet-files-to-tidb-cloud).

- If your Parquet files are located in GCS, [configure GCS access](/tidb-cloud/config-s3-and-gcs-access.md#configure-gcs-access).

## Step 4. Import Parquet files to TiDB Cloud

To import the Parquet files to TiDB Cloud, take the following steps:

1. Log in to the [TiDB Cloud](https://tidbcloud.com/signin) console, and navigate to the **Clusters** page.

> 2. Locate your target cluster, click **Import Data** in the upper-right corner of the cluster area. The **Data Import** page is displayed.

Author: ```suggestion
2. Locate your target cluster, click **...** in the upper-right corner of the cluster area, and select **Import Data**. The **Data Import** page is displayed.
```

> 2. Locate your target cluster, click **...** in the upper-right corner of the cluster area, and select **Import Data**. The **Data Import** page is displayed.

Author: ```suggestion
2. Locate your target cluster, click **Import Data** in the upper-right corner of the cluster area. The **Data Import** page is displayed.
```

            - `my-data*.parquet`: all Parquet files starting with `my-data` will be imported into the same target table.

        - **Target table name**: enter the name of the target table in TiDB Cloud, which must be in the `${db_name}.${table_name}` format. For example, `mydb.mytable`. Note that this field only accepts one specific table name, so wildcards are not supported.

    - **Tables Filter**: if you want to filter which tables to be imported, you can specify one or more table filters in this field, separated by `,`.

        For example:

        - `db01.*`: all tables in the `db01` database will be imported.
        - `db01.table01*,db01.table02*`: all tables starting with `table01` and `table02` in the `db01` database will be imported.
        - `!db02.*`: except the tables in the `db02` database, all other tables will be imported. `!` is used to exclude tables that do not need to be imported.
        - `*.*` : all tables will be imported.

        For more information, see [table filter snytax](/table-filter.md#syntax).

5. Click **Next**.

6. On the **Preview** page, confirm the import data and then click **Start Import**.

> 7. When the import progress shows **Completed**, check the imported tables.

Author: ```suggestion
7. When the import progress shows **Finished**, check the imported tables.
```
